c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe.config
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.resources
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.cs
c:\users\klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.baml
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.g.cs
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.g.cs
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.g.cs
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.baml
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.baml
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.baml
C:\Users\Klover\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.baml
C:\Users\Klover\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Klover\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\DictionaryStyles.baml
C:\Users\Klover\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Klover\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.baml
C:\Users\Klover\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe.config
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.cs
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.g.cs
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.g.cs
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.g.cs
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.g.cs
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.g.cs
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\DictionaryStyles.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.baml
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.resources
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\wpf\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe.config
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.cs
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.g.cs
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.g.cs
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.g.cs
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.g.cs
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.g.cs
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\DictionaryStyles.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.baml
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.resources
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe.config
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.cs
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.g.cs
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.g.cs
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.g.cs
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\DictionaryStyles.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\ProgramWindows\Registration\LogInWindow.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridHome.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridList.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridOther.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\PageMainWindow\PageGridSettings.baml
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.g.resources
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.exe
C:\Users\sexx\source\repos\LiteAudioPlayer\LiteAudioPlayer\obj\Debug\LiteAudioPlayer.pdb
